Update remove-a-domain.md (#2584)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/get-help-with-domains/remove-a-domain.md

> [!NOTE]
> You can't remove the [".onmicrosoft.com"](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/admin/setup/domains-faq) domain from your account.

> You get an error message when you try to remove a domain from Office 365 or if this is Still not working? Your domain might need to be manually removed. [Give us a call](../contact-support-for-business-products.md) and we'll help you take care of it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Getting an error message when you try to remove a domain from Office 365 or this is still not working? Your domain might need to be manually removed. [Give us a call](../contact-support-for-business-products.md) and we'll help you take care of it!
```
